Correct statement in docs about query results returning either floats or histograms but not both. (#11880)
prometheus/prometheus: docs/querying/api.md

The keys `"histogram"` and `"histograms"` only show up if the experimental
native histograms are present in the response. Their placeholder `<histogram>`

> is explained in detail in its own section below. Any one object could have
> the `"value"`/`"values"` key, the `"histogram"`/`"histograms"` key, or 
> both.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is explained in detail in its own section below. An instant vector object could
have the `"value"` or the `"histogram"` key, but not both. A range vector object 
could have the `"values"` key, or the `"histograms"` key, or both, but for a given timestamp the sample will only be one of float64 or histogram type.
```

@beorn7 makes sense?

Author: How about we move this information under the `range vectors` and `instant vectors` headings?
